# EngineScript
    Is a programming language released in 2025.
    Created by AzareelJames, & findBuiltinFunctions was generated by ChatGPT.

# How to execute?
    JavaScript code:

    import * as EGS from "EGS.builtin.d.js"; // Make sure you install from this website

    EGS.EGS_Exec("term.msg('Hello World!')");

# How to execute file?
    JavaScript code:

    import * as EGS from "EGS.builtin.d.js"; // Make sure you install from this website

    EGS.EGS_ExecFile("[Your File]");

# [i] Note
    JavaScript Built-ins are not allowed.

    EngineScript is almost similar syntax to JavaScript.

    This programming lanugage is on strict mode.

    main() function always execute after the code.

    If you wanna check for updates, use this:
    
    getExtension("sys");

    sys.checkForUpdates(); // This will check for updates, if update was found, replace the core with the new one.
# Preview lessons

# term object
    term stands for "terminal"
    The Terminal is looks like a console.

# term.msg & other term functions
    term.msg it looks like console.log

    Example:

    term.msg("Hello World!"); // Messages "Hello World"
    term.clr(); // Clears the terminal
    term.er("Error: Something went wrong..."); // Errors the message
    term.war("Warning!"); // Warns the message
    term.throw(EGS_ERR("Something went wrong...")); // Throws an Error
    term.info("Completed") // Messages the info

# website object
    The website object is looks like a window or document object.

    All functions:
    
    website.title; // returns the title of this website
    website.close(); // Closes the website
    website.HTML; // returns the HTML Code
    website.open("https://github.com/AzareelJames/"); // opens the URL
    website.ask("Question"); // Similar to window.prompt
    website.msg("Hello!"); // Similar to window.alert
    website.confirm("Are you John?"); // Similar to window.confirm

# Battery API
    A battery API contains a Promise in JavaScript & TypeScript.

    [i] Note: Some of the browsers or older versions doesn't support the API.
    To fix this, use battery.supported

    battery.supported; // false if is not supported
    battery.getLevel(); // returns 0-100 of your battery level
    battery.isCharging(); // true if is charging

# Create Errors
    Use createError() function to create Error.

    createError("myCustomError");


    term.throw(new myCustomError("This is my custom Error!")); // [ERR_MSG: myCustomError: This is my custom Error!]

# getExtension
    Use getExtension to import.

    example:

    async function main(){
        const sys = await getExtension("sys"); // returns a promise (pending)
        sys.checkForUpdates(); // Check for updates
    }
